Problem-1
Part (a)
Since I have cloned the repositry, all of my files will be tracked and unmodified Since
Git just checked them out and you haven’t edited anything.

The command will look like this:-

$ git status
On branch master
Your branch is up-to-date with 'origin/master'.
nothing to commit, working tree clean

Part(b)
After the command I would see that README.md is modified and fun_problem.txt is untracked.

Part(c)
When i do the following command it would say modified for README.md and new file for fun_problem.txt
as the fun_problem.txt is staged now, and README.md was already staged but just modified.

Part(d)
In this you have sent the files README.md anf fun_problem.txt to server and again it has two modified files to be
committed as README.md and fun_problem.txt.

Part(e)
After the command the git status will show that you have to commit modified files like README.md and would not give any changes to fun_problem.txt, since it has
been checked out.

The contents of the fun_problem.txt is empty as that's what we added it to it, and since we did checkout
any further changes will not show up in the main branch.

Part(f)
After the command it will show that README.md has been modified and it has been staged to commit. 


Problem-2

Part(a)
1. TAB

Part(b)

When the make clean is executed it will delete the executeables of shape1 and shape2.
The command will look like this rm -f *.o *~ shape1 shape2 *~.
When make shape1 is called it will complie the shape1 along with all the executebles shape1.o shape.o with neccessary flags.
the command will look like this:
g++ -I$. -std=c++11 -ggdb shape1.o shape2.o -o shape1 -lm

Part(c)
The purpose of .PHONY rule is to make sure that the command you will call is explicit and is not
associated with a executible file or a file never have that name.

Part(d)
Option 2. and 4.

Problem-3

1. A data type that can used for this would be a list of teams(string). It will be easier to just do a push_back on the list and store the teams in the list in the order of each coming year.
2. A data type that can used for this would be a set of SSN(int). A set would be a great approach for this since we do not need to want to have duplicates and we knoow that SSN is unique to each person.
3. A data type that can be used for this would be a map of names(string) as the the key and phone-number(string) as value. So, if a user searches a name it gets a number in return if the contac of the person 
name exists.
4.A data type that can be used here would a map of states(string) as key and a map of a zipcode(int) and set of zipcodes(set<int>) as the value. Then, I can give the
zipcode i want to search as an input and it would see if it exists in the set or not.



